Previously on AMC's
"Better Call Saul"...
You. as the lawyer who brought
this case to the firm...
- we can guarantee you 20%.
- That will work.
My brother is sick!
Unfortunately. we have an
issue we need to discuss.
It concerns your malpractice insurance.
I looked at the numbers.
and I can carry us.
I'll take care of my half.
You take care of yours.
Mr. Gatwood? Hi. Kim Wexler.
I've got no choice.
Hector wants to use my dad's business.
I've got cash I can't spend.
You opened this place to
solve a similar problem.
Perhaps there is a way.
_
Mrs. Landry. you're
looking lovely as ever.
Jimmy McGill!
W-What are you doing here?
Oh. I was in the area. and I thought...
I wonder how my favorite
former client is doing?
And I have cookies.
Oh. you're so sweet.
Come on in!
After I made these.
I looked down. and I thought. "Wow!
That looks just like your Felix."
They do!
You're so thoughtful.
I was afraid you wouldn't be here.
Thought. with that settlement money.
you might've moved somewhere swankier.
- What do you mean?
- The settlement.
The Sandpiper case?
Now. that's gotta be
wrapped up by now. right?
Oh. that? That... that...
that... that's still years away.
You haven't settled yet?
No. I don't know all the
details yet. but Erin...
uh. Erin Brill of Davis
& Main... do you know her?
Lovely girl. She reminds
me of a young Mary Martin.
Oh. yes. I-I have met her.
It's a... She's a
wonderful young lady. Uh...
Well. she takes care of all of that.
and she said there's
still a long way to go.
But you've... received an offer. right?
Something sent to you in writing?
I mean. something more than
just Erin and you chatting?
Oh.
It's probably all here in this box.
I can't make heads or tails of it.
but you are welcome to look.
You sure?
Of course. It's you.
Well. uh. I gotta say...
I can't blame you for getting
mixed up with all this.
I mean. these legal notices...
I mean. no one really understands them.
You know. I've got a law degree.
And sometimes I can't even. uh...
I can't even. uh...
You haven't. uh...
accepted this?
Erin says we should wait.
But...
Erin doesn't really matter. does she?
I mean. you're the Class Representative.
That's a big deal.
That means you and you alone decide.
You're... you are the legal stand-in
for your friends and neighbors.
I-I don't know about all that. Jimmy.
I-I just leave it all
to the professionals.
Yeah. sure. sure.
Lawyers know best. but...
I'm sorry.
If you won the lottery.
I mean. you'd take the lump sum. right?
I mean. money now is
better than money later.
- Bird in the hand!
- I suppose.
The more time to enjoy it!
You really should talk to Erin.
She knows all the ins and outs.
Ins and outs.
Yeah. Erin sure knows those.
I'll be happy to talk to Erin. uh...
Just... I just can't help but wonder
if she's taking every aspect into a...
Oh. Jimmy.
I completely forgot...
I'm on my way to chair yoga.
I'm so sorry.
No. it's okay.
Um. I probably should be going.
I have a lot to do.
Hi.
- Jimmy!
- Rose. Myrtle. Helen.
That chair yoga really works. huh?
You all look 10 years younger.
Oh!
- You honeydripper.
- Hey. hurry up.
It starts in five minutes.
Do you want to come with us?
You're welcome to. We can have guests.
I would love to. uh. but
I'm not dressed for it.
So I'll take a rain check.
Certainly.
Thanks for the cookies. Jimmy.
- Bye. Jimmy! Good to see ya.
- Bye!
That can't be right.
Can't be right.
17.4 total.
33% is the common fund.
So. on 1/15.
15 into 17...
carry the 2.
One million. one hundred and sixty...
One million. one hundred
and sixty thousand!
Holy shit!
Synced and corrected by Aaronnmb
www.addic7ed.com
- Mr. Ehrmantraut?
- Yeah.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
It'll be right this way.
Can I get you anything to
drink? Tea. water. espresso?
No. I'm fine. Thank you.
Ms. Rodarte-Quayle?
- I have your next...
- Yes. thank you.
Mr. Ehrmantraut. Lydia Rodarte-Quayle.
- Mike.
- Thanks. Justin.
Have a seat. um... Mike.
HR sent up your start paperwork.
I-9. W-2. Pretty standard.
Could I have your driver's
license and Social Security card?
Why?
My assistant needs to make a copy.
How does this "hire" work.
exactly? Walk me through it.
You'll receive a paycheck from Madrigal
in the amount of $10.000 per week.
I believe at that rate.
your "employment" should be
paid out in about 20 weeks.
Mr. Fring has arranged to
cover FICA. Social Security...
the entirety of the tax burden.
I assume that's all right with you?
Good. So. to that end.
I have you down as a
"logistics consultant."
What is that?
It's a person who consults on logistics.
Does it matter?
I'm not long on logistics.
"Security consultant" would be better.
I used to be a cop.
That will look better
on your "work history"
than your current employer. SMQ Parking.
So. you take my money.
you run it through this
joint. and it comes out clean.
- That it?
- Yes.
Who knows this operation?
You... anyone else?
- No.
- You sure?
May I ask. what precisely
is your concern here?
I am concerned about what happens
if you put my real name in your books.
Your Madrigal is a German company.
One thing I know about Germans
is they love a good audit.
I oversee eight freight terminals
across Texas and the Southwest.
Operating costs range between $800.000
and a million dollars per week.
All due respect. Mike. but your money?
It's a rounding error.
If the IRS or anyone else looks.
you're a contractor for a
multinational corporation
with 114.000 employees worldwide.
You're like every other
person in this building.
Like you?
You think I'm not on the books?
I am. Under my own name.
- This the way you handled it before?
- Handled what?
The money. For Fring's other guys.
Other guys?
This is the first time I've done this...
for anyone.
I don't know what you do. but...
Mr. Fring must think
you're quite good at it.
20 weeks?
The sooner you're off
my books. the better.
Justin?
Can you make a copy of
these. please? Thank you.
What?
This is a very nice office.
Thank you.
Seem to be risking a
lot for a drug dealer.
"Drug dealer"?
If that's all you think he is...
then you don't know Gustavo Fring.
Let me understand you...
you're proposing to double our premiums
on every one of our
practicing attorneys?
We know this is abrupt...
new issues have come to light.
"New issues"?
You mean Mr. McGill's
testimony at the Bar?
That's a part of it. yes.
After 25 years of paying full premiums.
I can count on one hand
the number of our claims.
This is an underwriting
decision... that's all.
You shouldn't take it personally.
In some special circumstances.
we have been known to extend a rider.
What kind of rider?
A senior. management-level partner
who would supervise Charles' work.
attend court and client
meetings with him.
review filings.
The few times we've done this.
it's been for clients
with a high probability
of catastrophic health
failure as a precaution.
What you're saying is that
for any case Charles takes on.
another partner would
be tied up. as well.
and we don't bill a penny more?
This is ludicrous.
The insurance industry
is heavily regulated.
I can think of a dozen infractions
- right here off the top of my head.
- Mr. McGill...
You're hoping we'll
either find another carrier
or cut you an enormous check.
Win-win for you!
I assure you. neither
is going to happen.
What will happen is very simple...
you're going to do right by us
or we will compel you to do so.
- What do you mean by "compel"?
- You know exactly what I mean.
If you're threatening litigation.
I'm afraid this meeting is over.
Then it's over.
Thank you for your time.
Mr. Hamlin. Mr. McGill.
All right. Where do we begin?
Francis should start
digging into regulations.
I'm sorry I don't have the code sections
at my fingertips just now.
Let's pull a team of associates
and get them looking at every
angle of injunctive relief.
Before close of business...
... we're going to hit Santa
Rosa with a demand letter
that'll make their heads spin.
Odds are. inside a week.
they'll be sitting at the table again.
And if not...
well. we've never
shied away from a fight.
Chuck. do you remember Al McConnell?
Of course. Helluva litigator.
Retired now. isn't he?
He's a professor at UNM now.
Wrote a fantastic book on
SCOTUS during Reconstruction.
Fascinating stuff.
Okay...
I was talking to him. and he mentioned
he'd love you to come
speak to his One-Ls.
Maybe make it a regular
thing. if you wanted.
What are you talking about. Howard?
What I'm saying is...
maybe it's time to hang up your spurs.
Become partner emeritus...
leave your name on the firm
but focus on your legacy.
You always said you wanted to
work on the Commerce Clause...
you can write the book on it.
And no longer be a practicing lawyer.
Chuck. there's more to life than this.
That day is far in the future. Howard.
And I don't appreciate the suggestion.
What if it's not a suggestion?
Meaning?
Meaning. if enough people
tell you that you're drunk.
maybe it's time to sit down.
You want me to retire
over this... insurance?!
It's not just the insurance.
That's the straw that
broke the camel's back.
So this is about my condition.
Look!
You see?
See?
I'm better!
Howard. I'm fine!
This is not what "fine" looks like.
Chuck. you are the best
legal mind I've ever known.
Hands down.
But your decision-making has become...
unpredictable.
And I can't be partners with
someone whose judgment I don't trust.
Chuck...
This right here is the
Texas-New Mexico border.
Now. all of my wells are square...
on the Texas side.
When I negotiated for the
mineral and property rights.
the surveyors said that the
next nearest pool extended to...
about here.
Right.
But... after some extraction.
the west wall of the salt dome gave way.
opening up another pool
that extends... what...
100 yards over the border?
That's about the size of it. yeah.
And now you have New Mexico
rights holders to deal with.
You know. they should get
profit on what's theirs.
but now I've got two
states coming after me
for taxes on each and every gallon.
No equipment crosses the border?
No. ma'am.
Nothing below the surface. like the...
What... is it a drill bit?
It would be the sucker rod at
this point. but no. none of that.
Only on the Texas side.
But that's not stopping New
Mexico from trying to bleed me.
You said on the phone
you have a solution.
You don't negotiate a lease
with the rights holders.
- You offer to pay them damages.
- Damages?
For diminishing their resource.
A significant fraction of the
value of the New Mexico portion.
but without paying for
the rights themselves.
So a kind of a payoff.
Then you don't get hit with the taxes.
You think you can make that fly?
If someone came to me with this offer...
I'd sure as hell take it.
Wish I'd called you sooner.
Way they're makin' noise.
if I don't get this thing wrapped
up by the end of the quarter.
I'm pretty sure the tax
boys are gonna take me apart.
And that's two weeks from now?
I can do it by then.
Really?
If we can get all the
rights holders in one place.
I can walk them through
what we're proposing.
If they're smart. they'll go for it.
Well. hot damn.
Kevin said you were a miracle
worker. but I didn't believe him.
I'm startin' to.
Yeah. well. let me work that
miracle first. then we'll talk.
You know the way outta here?
I got a drillhead that's acting up on me
out on the north forty I gotta check.
Yeah. I'm good.
You need anything from me.
you got my cell. Call me.
Will do.
Billy Gatwood meeting
notes. Contact Gatwood Oil.
Get names and numbers for
New Mexico rights holders...
Shit!
No. no. no. no!
No. no. no! Shit!
Continuing notes from
Gatwood Oil meeting.
Contact rights holders.
begin scheduling.
Howard!
- What are you doing here. Jimmy?
- We have business to discuss.
Is this about Chuck?
Who?
If you actually have business.
then call my secretary.
I did. She stonewalled
me. as if you didn't know.
Sandpiper.
- What about it?
- It's time to settle.
I-I saw the current offer.
The clients make their losses
back. plus a solid chunk of change.
Not that it's any of your business.
but we project a final number
far higher than the current offer.
I get it. I get it. You hold out.
maybe you squeeze a grand
more for each client.
Meanwhile. HHM nets a few million.
You know. you're screwing the
clients for your own benefit.
Oh. so now you're
worried about the clients?
It's the right thing
to do. and you know it.
Please.
All you care about is
your share of the payout.
It's like talking to Gollum.
You're transparent. And pathetic.
You want a handout?
Here.
Huh?
Next time...
why don't you bring a tin cup?
It'd be more honest.
Listen. Howard. settle
this and settle it now.
It's in everyone's best interests!
Meaning it's in your best interests.
And if we don't. what are you gonna do?
Peel off some members of the class.
leak some insider info to Schweikart?
Oh. I doubt it. I know you're low enough
to do something like that.
but you're too damn greedy.
You do any of that.
and you'll be jeopardizing your payday.
You'll get your damn money.
You're just gonna have to wait for it.
_
Don Hector...
Don Hector?
_
Well. we go around about.
you know. six times. I think.
I think we're... Yeah.
I think... I think so.
I know!
This is so good for you.
Hello. ladies.
Good morning.
- Hi! Jimmy!
- Hi. Jimmy.
Jimmy!
Oh. y-you... you girls
go on a little bit.
I'll... I'll catch up with you.
Jimmy!
Wow. Irene!
Fancy running into
you twice in one week.
How lucky am I?
Y-You're a mall-walker?
- I had no idea!
- Me?
Oh. yeah. Big time.
I mean. it's great for cardio.
Hamstrings. glutes. I-T band.
I'm a huge mall-walker.
Been out of the game for awhile.
Developed this damn plantar fasciitis.
- Mnh. Mnh.
- Hurts like a bear.
Oh. I'm so sorry to hear about that.
Well. hey.
I got the cure right here.
Pow!
These have a special
gel and resistance coils
and buncha stuff.
It's like walkin' on pillows.
Well. they... they...
they look comfortable.
You like 'em?
Well. they... they're quite stylish.
Hey. y'know what?
I bought a pair for my
girlfriend. and they don't fit her.
And the store has this...
wouldn't you know it?...
- no-refunds policy.
- Oh.
What size are you?
7 1/2. 7 1/2.
Oh. there we go.
How does that feel?
Oh!
Oh. I-I see what you mean. They...
They are so nice. and
they fit like a dream!
But I-I can't take
these for free. Jimmy.
Oh. please.
There is one thing you could do for me?
What's that?
Don't tell the other
folks I gave 'em to ya.
I don't want to look like
I'm playing favorites.
- My lips are sealed.
- Then you go and enjoy those.
I'm gonna go get my heart rate back up.
- Oh. thank you!
- And I'll see you later.
Thank you so much. Jimmy!
... Right hand. friends...
the hand of love.
Now. watch. and I'll show
you the story of life.
You got some questions.
It's only natural.
And the truth is. if Irene settles...
you'd get some money.
But. I mean. it's not like
you guys need it. right?
On the other hand. I did
get a look at their offer.
I don't want to speak
out of school. but...
it's. uh...
But I mean. hey. everyone's
situation is different.
Maybe Irene just doesn't need the money.
I mean. I don't know for a fact. but...
when you see someone
buying nice new things...
- Like those shoes.
- ... like those shoes.
Uh-huh.
Ah. I mean. those must
have cost a pretty penny.
I mean. if she can afford those.
she's walkin' on easy street.
And there's something else...
y'know. The lawyers.
I mean...
that's the lawyer's
share of the settlement.
And your share is...
boop!... this much. Doo!
If Irene holds out. the
lawyers get this much more...
and you are gonna get this much more.
Doesn't seem like much difference.
I know. but that's how it works.
And Irene knows it. too.
I mean. the lawyers
have explained it to her.
It's crazy. but it's all up to Irene.
After all. she is the
Class Representative.
Does that mean that she gets more?
No. No.
Just means in the eyes of
the court. she's special.
She's like your
congressman or ambassador.
Is there anything we can do?
No. No. You can't do anything.
I can't do anything.
Only Irene.
She probably knows what's best.
I'm sure she's taking
your feelings into account.
Hey. look at the big picture.
Who needs money when you
got the moral high ground?
Yoo-hoo!
Rose!
Helen!
Ladies?!
Ladies!
Ignacio?
_
Papa...
Hector Salamanca.
Salamanca.
_
Okay. and I'm still waiting
for those third-party subpoenas.
Oh. great. Let me know. then.
- Thanks. Francis.
- All right.
Julie. what's up? From Chuck.
It came via messenger...
the instructions say
he wants you to read
it as soon as possible.
Mm-hmm.
Uh. here's what I need you to do.
Call around. Find someplace
special for the retirement party.
Something classy. old-school.
Uh. La Posada. maybe.
And a band. Something jazzy. Upbeat.
Find what's available.
- Let's set it up.
- Okay.
Goddamit. Chuck.
You're suing Hamlin. Hamlin. McGill?
Come on in. Howard.
You turned the lights on.
I told you... I'm back to normal.
And yes. I am suing HHM
for breach of contract.
Do you have any idea what you're doing?
I believe I do.
I'm calling your bluff.
This is my firm. I built it.
Your father was working in a
two-room office when I joined him.
And you I tutored for the bar exam.
You're not kicking me out.
If you can't "trust my
judgment." as you say.
so be it.
but you're gonna have
to pay me for my share.
I believe it comes to around $8 million.
We both know the firm
doesn't have the money.
You'd rather tear down HHM than retire?
You think I'm trouble
now? As your partner?
Imagine me as your enemy.
Chuck...
the damage that you're going to do...
If you'd like to discuss this further.
we can... in court.
Until then...
what else is there to say?
Blue pot. Red wine.
Black burner.
Black burner. Blue pot.
Red wine. Black burner.
I got hot hands.
I got hot hands! I know
this is gonna be the one!
B-9!
Let's hope that biopsy comes back "B-9."
B-9.
Okay... what's next?
We got... I-29.
I remember when I was 29.
Bet you do. too.
I-29.
Here comes O-62.
Oh. my God.
Have I called 62 of these already?
It feels like it. O-62.
Here we have B-2.
B-2.
Well. tonight is all bingo.
Here it comes.
O-70. Anyone? O-70.
All right. No takers.
Boom!
G-55.
Oh. my God! Bingo!
I got bingo!
Big Paul. bring it up.
Kelly. take a look.
We may have a winner.
Kelly. tell me... have we got it?
We have a bingo!
Paul. step up to the winner's circle.
Let's hear it for him!
Let's give him a big round of applause!
Okay. New game. new cards.
Here they come.
Get yourself some new cards. New cards.
The helpers have them.
You can have one. two.
You can have up to four. as you know.
Here's a lucky blue one for you.
All right. Take your cards
so we can start a new game.
There you go. Add that to your stack.
All right. Get your cards.
Hey. Irene. you feeling lucky today?
I-I guess so.
All right. Well. here's one on me...
just for you.
All right. I sold my
soul for B-I-N-G-and-O!
Let's clear the table.
Load it up.
Locked and loaded.
Here comes a new game.
First number up...
it's N-31.
"N" for "Nancy."
31 for the number of times
she told me to take a hike.
N-31.
G-48.
"G" for the Greatest Generation.
48 for "Dewey Defeats Truman."
Here's I-25... the big "I."
I-25.
It's B-12. like the vitamin.
O-67!
Anybody? I got a good
feeling about this.
O-67!
I-I-I think... Bingo!
Who is that?
Come on up.
Irene! Irene. come on up here. dear.
Bring it up to Kelly. Let's take a look.
Kelly has to check your card.
Here she comes.
Could be...
Oh. my goodness.
It is a bingo for Irene!
Let's hear it for Irene Landry!
Give it up for the big
winner. Irene Landry!
Fastest bingo of the night!
Come on. Let's hear it for Irene.
Oh!
Irene...
where ya goin'?
Hey. you know what? Take over.
Okay. Time for a new game.
Uh. let's get some
cards out for everyone.
Hey.
What's going on? You okay?
Aww. Don't do that.
Your mascara's gonna run all over.
Irene. come on.
What's wrong?
They've all turned on me.
Who has?
My friends!
Helen. Rose. Myrtle.
All of them.
What? No!
Yes!
They're so cold.
When I walk past them.
they stop talking.
I-I-I hear them whispering
when... when they think I'm not there.
It's just so...
- It's so cruel.
- Mnh.
And I don't even know why.
I think. uh...
maybe I do.
You do?
Could it be the settlement?
I mean. maybe they...
want the money.
you know. to improve their lives?
I had no idea any of them needed money.
No one said anything to me.
Well. maybe it's not
about the money itself.
I mean... hello... who
wouldn't want more money?
I mean. maybe it's the idea
that they don't think you're
considering them. you know?
Thinking of their needs?
I-I-I didn't know.
I don't want to hurt
them. They're my friends.
I wish we never even
started this lawsuit.
I just want everything
to go back the way it was.
What should I do?
What would you do?
I mean. you know I'm
not a lawyer right now.
Please?
Should I settle?
Irene...
you listen to your heart.
Uh. time?
Two hours out.
When did I say I was gonna leave?
20 minutes ago.
Uh. can I have some more coffee. please?
Coming.
Uh. I'm missing a survey
history in this one.
On it. Sorry about that.
Not a problem.
Hey!
Who's ready to have her life changed?
Kim. did you hear me?
Yep. Heard you. Life changed.
Stop your work. both of you. for a sec.
I-I got big. big news.
Can you just tell us later. Jimmy?
- I'm so late. it's not even funny.
- Mesa Verde can wait.
- Look. I got Zafiro.
- It's not Mesa Verde.
It's a new client. and if I mess
this up. it's a former client.
I thought Mesa Verde
was your one and only.
You know. it's go...
Ji... uh. I'm sorry.
Jimmy. can I just explain
all this to you later? I'm...
Sandpiper is settling.
- What?
- Yeah.
For a bundle.
But th-they can't be settling.
Class actions don't move that fast.
Don't get bogged down in the details!
Trust me... they're settling!
Wow. that...
- Yeah. Yeah!
- That's great. then.
So. hey. let's celebrate.
I can tell that you...
pulled another
all-nighter here. you know?
You... you got to stop
and smell the roses.
Hey. who's got two
thumbs. a bottle of Zafiro.
and 20% of the common fund?!
- Huh?
- This guy!
I know... you do. Uh. I
am happy for you. Jimmy.
Be happy for us!
This is the solution to everything.
Okay. Francesca. could you
just put these all in my car?
Kim.
Yeah. Jimmy. I gotta go.
Gimme five goddamn minutes.
- I don't have five minutes.
- But you're already late.
What's five more minutes?
So drive 60 instead of 55.
- Jimmy!
- What?
You're not hearing me.
Our troubles are over! Come on!
Jimmy. I'm leaving now.
I'll be back in a few hours.
Think of all the things
you want to say to me.
and just say them to me later. okay?
Bye.
You. Shots.
- Uh. I...
- Shots.
We're celebrating.
Cheers.
Smooth.
Yeah.
Under the terms we're offering.
you get a substantial payment
without any impact to your property
via drilling and extraction.
And rather than waiting years to close.
Mr. Gatwood is offering cash
on the barrel. right now.
Given the cost of overhead. liabilities.
and other burdens Mr. Gatwood assumes.
we believe this offer is more than fair.
We believe...
Aah!
Synced and corrected by Aaronnmb
www.addic7ed.com
On the next episode of
AMC's "Better Call Saul"...
Kim?
I'm willing to let bygones be bygones.
And if you agree...
I think we can settle
all this right now.
with a simple handshake.
Where is the... papi?
If I had to do it all over again.
I would do some things differently.